## Background Info about FPL
FPL is the fantasy football (soccer) game for the English Premier League. Before
the season begins, each fantasy manager is given a budget of 100 million and selects
15 players for their fantasy team. Each gameweek, managers selects 11 starters whose
points in that gameweek will contribute to the manager's score as well as
a captain whose points are doubled for that gameweek. Managers can also transfer
players in and out of their fantasy team. There are also four chips which can help 
boost points. Bench boost adds the points of players on the bench to the score.
Triple captain triples the captain's points instead of double. Free hit grants
unlimited free temporary transfers for a single gameweek. Wildcard grants unlimited 
free transfers. Each chip can be played once before/on gameweek 19 and once after.

## FPL Team Analysis
I want to create a CLI app that can analyze a user's FPL season and report changes 
that would've increased overall points. The easy optimizations are team selection
and captaincy for each gameweek i.e. if I started/captained player A over player 
B who outscored player A that week. The app could report if the transfers made
each week were optimal by comparing the point totals of the players transferred in
vs the players transferred out over the next few gameweeks. I am unsure how long
this period should be since it should balance both short-term and long-term points.
The CLI could also report if the bench boost, triple captain, and free hit chips 
were used optimally. I think deciding if wildcard was played optimally would be 
quite difficult since permanent transfers alter the rest of the gameweeks whereas 
the other chips only rely on a single gameweek.

## FPL API
To gather this information, I plan on using the FPL API. There are no official
docs, but some users online have posted unofficial documentation such as 
https://www.postman.com/fplassist/fpl-assist/documentation/zqlmv01/fantasy-premier-league-api
The app will need to fetch the data such as points scored each week for each of
the 600+ Premier League players, so I plan on fulfilling R5 by using async to 
fetch data from the API concurrently.
