## Updated Project Abstract
### Background Info about FPL
FPL is the fantasy football (soccer) game for the English Premier League. Before
the season begins, each fantasy manager is given a budget of 100 million and selects
15 players for their fantasy team. Each gameweek, managers selects 11 starters whose
points in that gameweek will contribute to the manager's score as well as
a captain whose points are doubled for that gameweek. Managers can also transfer
players in and out of their fantasy team. There are also four chips which can help 
boost points. Bench boost adds the points of players on the bench to the score.
Triple captain triples the captain's points instead of double. Free hit grants
unlimited free temporary transfers for a single gameweek. Wildcard grants unlimited 
free transfers. Each chip can be played once before/on gameweek 19 and once after.

### Abstract: FPL Team Analysis
I want to create a CLI app that can analyze a user's FPL season and report changes 
that would've increased overall points. The easy optimizations are team selection
and captaincy for each gameweek i.e. if I started/captained player A over player 
B who outscored player A that week. The CLI could also report if the bench boost
and triple captain chips were used optimally.

### FPL API
To gather this information, I plan on using the FPL API. There are no official
docs, but some users online have posted unofficial documentation such as 
https://www.postman.com/fplassist/fpl-assist/documentation/zqlmv01/fantasy-premier-league-api
The app will need to fetch the data such as points scored each week for each of
the 600+ Premier League players, so I plan on fulfilling R5 by using async to 
fetch data from the API concurrently. One user reported a rate limit of about
60 requests per second, so I will start at 5-10 requests per second and work my way up.

## Public Interface
The user will interact with this app through the command line. After the app is
launched, it will prompt the user to enter their FPL manager id. The app will
print out a season summary including stats such as the manager's overall score, 
the optimal score, total points lost due to bench selection, total points lost
due to captain selection, and total points lost to chip usage. Then, the manager can enter a specific gameweek number to get a more detailed analysis of that gameweek (players selected vs optimal selection, captain vs optimal captain) or quit the app.


## Internal Interfaces / Data Model
### `data` module
This module will contain code that retrieves data from the Fantasy Premier League
API.

#### Classes
- `Player`: class to represent players
    - `id: int` – player's id
    - `name: str` – player's name
    - `position: StrEnum` – player's position (goalkeeper, defender, midfielder, or forward)
    - `history: dict[int, int]` – player's points per gameweek

- `Pick`: class to represent a manager's selection of an player in a gameweek
    - `player_id: int` – player's id
    - `multiplier: int` – 0 (bench), 1 (starting), 2 (captain), or 3 (triple captain)

- `Gameweek`: class to represent a manager's gameweek
    - `active_chip: StrEnum | None` – what chip was played that gameweek
    - `points: int` – points scored that gameweek
    - `points_on_bench: int` – points on bench that gameweek
    - `picks: list[Pick]` – list of `Pick`s for the gameweek 

#### Functions
- `fetch_players(): -> dict[int, Player]`
    - return a dictionary mapping `id` to `Player` containing all players
    - `https://fantasy.premierleague.com/api/bootstrap-static/`
    - `https://fantasy.premierleague.com/api/element-summary/{element_id}/`
- `fetch_gameweeks(manager_id: int): -> list[Gameweek]`
    - return a list of `Gameweek` objects for the given manager
    - `https://fantasy.premierleague.com/api/entry/{{team_id}}/event/{{gw_id}}/picks/`


### `analyze` module
This module will contain code that analyzes the data

#### Functions
- `get_optimal_selections(gameweek: Gameweek)`
    - returns the starting 11 that scored the most points
- `analyze_gameweek(gameweek: Gameweek)`
    - returns an analysis on the manager's gameweek performance
        - selection points: points scored from picks alone (no chip contribution)
        - chip contribution: points chip added (if chip used)
        - optimal points: optimal points scored from pick alone (no chip contribution)
        - points lost to selection: optimal points - selection points
- `analyze_triple_captain_usage(half: int/Enum)`
    - returns an analysis on the triple captain chip usage for the specified half of the season
- `analyze_bench_boost_usage(half: int/Enum)`
- returns an analysis on the bench boost chip usage for the specified half of the season

### `main` module
This module will run the CLI app; it will read the manager id, fetch the data, 
and analyze the returned data.

## Build Plan
1. Complete the data layer
    - `Player`, `Pick`, and `Gameweek` classes
    - async fetching, parse into typed objects
2. Implement `analyze_gameweek()` and basic CLI
    - Demo: user enters manager id and gameweek number and sees actual vs optimal breakdown
3. Implement `analyze_bench_boost_usage()` and `analyze_triple_captain_usage()`, complete CLI flow


## Potential Dependencies
1. `httpx`: provides support for asynchronous request methods
    - Alternative: `aiohttp`
    - While `aiohttp` is faster for large-scale, high-concurrency applications, `httpx` fast enough, more versatile, and simpler to use
2. `asyncio`: used to run async fetching
    - Alternative:
    - `asyncio` is covered in this course and an option for R5